1.) Be respectful, civil, and welcoming.

2.) No inappropriate or unsafe content.

3.) Do not misuse or spam in any of the channels.

4.) Do not join the server to promote your content.

5.) Any content that is NSFW is not allowed under any circumstances.

6.) Do not buy/sell/trade/give away anything.

7.) The primary language of this server is English and Spanish.

8.) Spamming in any form is not allowed.

9.) Do not attempt to bypass any blocked words/sayings.

10.) Alternate accounts are not allowed under any circumstances.

11.) No Discord server invite links or codes.

12.)Do not direct message server links.

13.) Do not record VC conversations as it is not illegal to but we want everyone's privacy to be safe.

14.) Do not discuss hacking or cheating to others because you might give off to many ideas for cyber attacks on games.

15.) Do not send malicious or scam websites.

16.) Listen to the server’s staff that includes Moderator, Administrator, Managers, and The Owner.

17.) Don’t be annoying to others.

18.) Don't say "I had mod in the past and @cheeseiscool3946#0000  was gonna give me it can you give it back" you need to provide proof if there is no proof you will be banned for atleast a day or 2 depending on how much the action was repeated. If a playfab holder bans you don't get mad think about why you did it.

19.) Dont send any of the staff server invites to your server, we will ban you ingame and discord, including staff, and no dming any staff unless your friends with them or you really need them.                                                                  
       
20.) (Staff) Don’t use announcements for stupid pings or talking, you will get demoted.

21.) Please don't bother @SERVER OWNER  as the team maybe working on the game and don't want to be disturbed if you want to speak to someone just DM them. 

22.)if you leak an IP there is no warning and that’s an insta ban from the server and the game
23.)If you impersanate a staff you will be banned in the game and in life!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 

24.) 1million dollars or runagade wada?
25.) NO SOUNDBOARDS = timeout & demotion
